[docs] Connect in Production (#5503)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/guides/connect-production.md

# Running Connect in Production

Consul Connect can secure all inter-service communication with mutual TLS. It's
designed to work with [minimal configuration out of the
box](https://learn.hashicorp.com/consul/getting-started/connect), however, completing the [security
checklist](/docs/connect/security.html) and understanding the [Consul security
model](/docs/internals/security.html) are prerequisites for production
deployments.

After completing this guide, you will be able to configure Connect to 
secure services. First, you will secure your Consul cluster with ACLs and
TLS encryption. Next, you will configure Connect on the servers and host. 
Finally, you will configure your services to use Connect.

~> Note: To complete this guide you should already have a Consul cluster
 with an appropriate number of servers and

> clients and that other reference material like the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clients deployed according to the other reference material including the
```

[deployment](/docs/guides/deployment.html) and

> [performance](/docs/guides/performance.html) guides have been followed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[performance](/docs/guides/performance.html) guides.
```

    must be `deny`.** If for any reason you cannot use the default policy of
    `deny`, you must add an explicit ACL denying anonymous `service:write`. Note, in this case the Connect intention graph will also default to
    `allow` and explicit `deny` intentions will be needed to restrict service
    access. Also note that explicit rules to limit who can manage intentions are
    necessary in this case. It is assumed for the remainder of this guide that
    ACL policy defaults to `deny`.
 2. **Each service must have a unique ACL token** that is restricted to
    `service:write` only for the named service. You can review the [Securing Consul with ACLs](https://learn.hashicorp.com/consul/advanced/day-1-operations/production-acls#apply-individual-tokens-to-the-services) guide for a 
    service token example. Note, it is best practices for each instance to get a unique token as described below.

~> Individual Service Tokens: It is best practice to create a unique ACL token per service _instance_ because
it limits the blast radius of a compromise. However, since Connect intentions manage access based only on service identity, it is

> possible to create only one ACL tokens per _service_ and share it between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible to create only one ACL token per _service_ and share it between
```

instances.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think some of this was good material but in practice no one uses this model and it will be a while before it matters much. By the time it is we will likely have better ways to manage service identity like R.B.'s JWT stuff so I'm fine with dropping it for now.

}
```

> This configuration change requires a Consul service restart, which you can perform one server at a time

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This configuration change requires a Consul server restart, which you can perform one server at a time
```

Reviewer 2: Don't love this but I found "Consul service restart" confusing as we don't refer to Consul as a service much.

need to have an appropriate ACL token present.

For on-disk configuration the `token` parameter of the service definition must
be set. 

```json
{ 
  "service": { 
    "name": "cassandra_db", 
    "port": 9002, 
    "token: "<your_token_here>"
    } 
 }
```

For registration via the API the token is passed in the [request
header](/api/index.html#authentication), `X-Consul-Token`, or by using the [Go
client configuration](https://godoc.org/github.com/hashicorp/consul/api#Config).

To avoid the overhead of a proxy, applications may [natively
integrate](/docs/connect/native.html) with connect.

~> Protect Application Listener: If using any kind of proxy for connect, the application must ensure no untrusted
connections can be made to it's unprotected listening port. This is typically
done by binding to `localhost` and only allowing loopback traffic, but may also

> be achieved using firewall rules or network namespacing.

Reviewer 2: Does all of this render as a note given the line brea? I only looked at the diff so if you checked with middleman rendered version locally all good.

Author: I double checked and its all in the callout!
